in the gate of the Augsburger stood ex-club Gremio conflict of the city in the German
as if Vincent had something to guard the goal
The sponsor warns for probably being stressed that the players
of the evening no
his first goal came in the sixth minute
1 0 for Augsburg but Grant Stevenson
but pursuers with good in the after also thanks to some punishments
against the panthers
Mike Wehrstedt even managed the much-acclaimed equalizer in excess
Seconds before the break
the assessment of coach Ken Latta as it is now appreciated in the summer
now no discussion the band is satisfied with team
for the first 20 minutes
we play open as the two titles and it was the expected Grandpa Knicksen
Duracell started killing the whole two either suggested to me
What exactly can also Hopper concentrated concentrated seemed lazy
zweikampf weak
also forums with penalty times and from 29 minutes then on the same numbers
disadvantage
a little later then that had 1 3 by Mike
Music and more after what one to four for the Panther technique of Smith
At the latest now, the spell seemed to have been broken at Augsburg
Koppold storms tired after the hard preparation and not fit
seems
one by five again by Nathan Smith
The last section of the game was again turbulent
with the first shot in the third limited every cent to 1 to 6 for the
Guests
a little later then the 1 to 7 by Justin Fletcher
followed by the factual remain or
from that time one so flat by Peter
then the first artisanal dispute about the ice hockey in the third
quarter
completely unnecessary in the score of 1 to 9 in a preparatory game
Ice hockey was then briefly played again and is not like the former one
use
Afterwards, the spectators got less ice hockey as team has succeeded
To see martial arts
A total of three wineries sell at the practical seconds distance
the good news was the Augsburg made with the 1 12 by one
Penalty finish scoring goals
the pictures and probably their last concert there are dozens of languages
after the game, no monkey was surprised what not so dissatisfied
as you might expect
we have kind of first
Eichsfeld me on that Thuringia and then but tactician or 10
Percent trains but it is around
That was to less, Forbes again clearly hit 10 percent in April
with us-team percent
the carpentry job
we showed ourselves why and why in the room storm and in the
study
I think Alaric white sauce some of the best, many citizens still want
but once pleasing, Maha will count
two play two helpers on these and seven solo attempts
have you chosen from it
then shoot up after the game first shoot at 1 5 3
affected that
It's okay if I am so if you have so many
AR chances Ausrastern will therefore still
you have to know about the same hardest thing
to September we have yet time to record it in their
serious leagues
but until then, especially the pursuers have to do a lot